Now let's say the validation tests for the test part.
Again, I'm going to copy the test from sign up component.
Just so just copying this described section here and opening looking component gest pasting right here.
Now we are going to have the test for the email.
This is the case required case then from format and the password for the required case and removing
the others.
In this one we are calling the setup and this is rendering the component.
We are checking this message not to be visible at first.
Then we are filling the form.
Then we are checking the same message to be visible.
Saving this one.
So the tests are passing.
We also have one more test in the logging component, which is for the button enable case.
So I'm just going to add the same test to the just as well.
So here look in components again adding it to the the interactions described look so it does not enable
button when fields are invalid async.
Here.
Now we are filling the form and we already have the the functionality in this one to fill the form with
the values we are passing for the email.
So calling this one.
That's fill it with an invalid value like this one.
And we are expecting the button to be disabled.
I'm just copying it from.
But the enabled test is going to be disabled saving this.
And the old tests are passing.